hello everyone I'm Nick the Sanctus with
your army hockey report the Pittsburgh
Penguins finished up to their third and
final practice session at Tate rank this
morning they're heading out for an
afternoon hike with members of the army
hockey team here's what the Pittsburgh
Penguins have to say about their visit
so far along with how an army forward
has taken to it
was it
it's been a really great experience its
really nice just to see that the guys
are actually very normal guys they're
really nice to talk to they're very
welcoming as far as you know just
talking to us and giving us a little bit
of insight into their daily life and
we're trying to give a them a little bit
of insight into our daily life as well
it was really cool just to go out there
and play football with all of them so it
was really cool just to see something
away from hockey and everybody's really
competitive so it was fun just be out
there and everybody's kind of you know
working hard and you know really just
trying to get after it out there I
obviously love the philadelphia flyers
and from southern Pennsylvania so my
favorite players probably Scott Hartnell
I'd probably get hit for saying this
back home but i really like Sidney
Crosby after the weekend so I didn't
really like him too much coming in but
after the weekend I think he's a really
great guy and he's probably my favorite
play now I think just talking with
people from West Point um if it's the
chief for the players and the coaches
just kind of their their outlook on
everything his is a little different
than everybody else that we kind of come
across in our in our business our sports
as a game and we have a lot of fun doing
it but you know the things they do here
and the way they train in the regiment
and the surroundings and the history and
the tradition and honor is something
that just blows you away coming here
through the doors and learning about
that and seeing it firsthand and just
counting on the whole campus or the
posts and everything just really
enjoying my time here it's been a blast
so far it's a I've been lucky enough to
come three times so that's my third time
and I think it's only your appreciation
ever weekends at all i think it gets
greater every time you come they've been
great hosts for us but i know i think i
have just much fun as the guys who
haven't been here so it's a it's always
a lot of fun an honor and a it's
stuffing a privilege to be able to come
here it's been a great trip there's been
a good great two days I thing's gonna
make a great day today with the hike
it's been a lot of fun simulators
yesterday were a lot of fun guys I left
off with that
I think we're learning a lot I think
it's good to get insight from certain
individuals and we talked to a gentleman
named chief yesterday and just hearing
the coaches you know talk about their ex
players and players who have died in the
duty and yeah it's inspiring it's it's
been a spinet overall great trip for fun